Add Operation Center FAQ (#36)
SEKOIA-IO/documentation: docs/operation_center/faq.md

# Operation Center: Frequently Asked Questions

## Is the IP behind `intake.sekoia.io` static?

**IP for `intake.sekoia.io` is `145.239.192.38`.**

> `intake.sekoia.io`, used to send your logs to SEKOIA.IO, either via Syslog or HTTP protocols. IP behind that service is static and stable. You can use that IP to configure your firewalls to only allow some of your device to forward their logs to SEKOIA.IO.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`intake.sekoia.io` is the domain name used to send your logs to SEKOIA.IO, either via Syslog or HTTP protocols. The IP address behind that service is static and stable. You can use that IP to configure your firewalls to allow connections from your forwarding systems to SEKOIA.IO.
```

> `intake.sekoia.io`, used to send your logs to SEKOIA.IO, either via Syslog or HTTP protocols. IP behind that service is static and stable. You can use that IP to configure your firewalls to only allow some of your device to forward their logs to SEKOIA.IO.

Reviewer 2: intake.sekoia.io is used ? It seems that the sentence is incorrect.

## How to debug Rsyslog’s forward configuration to SEKOIA.IO?

> If you use Rsyslog to forward you logs to SEKOIA.IO, you will probably have a section like this in your configuration files:

Reviewer 2: forward your logs

```

> template(name="SEKOIAIOUnboundTemplate" type="string" string="<%pri%>1 %timestamp:::date-rfc3339% %hostname% %app-name% %procid% LOG [SEKOIA@53288 intake_key=\"jOK5bMVXz5Iz7gfogQDbCcC7l7S2IrOs5\"] %msg%\n")

Reviewer: is it ok to have the intake key here ?

Author: Yes, this is a random key generated for that documentation.

if $programname startswith 'unbound' then @@(o)intake.sekoia.io:10514;SEKOIAIOUnboundTemplate

```

> If you want to retrive the raw data that is forwarded to SEKOIA.IO, you can duplicate the last line and make Rsyslog dump logs to a local file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to retrieve the raw data that is forwarded to SEKOIA.IO, you can duplicate the last line and make Rsyslog dump logs to a local file:
```

```

> if $programname startswith 'unbound then /tmp/nginx-output.log;SEKOIAIOUnboundTemplate

Reviewer 2: 'unbound'

```

This way, you will be able to exactly identify what data is sent to SEKOIA.IO.

```
# tail -n 1 /tmp/nginx-output.log

> <30>1 2021-01-13T14:52:06.934860+01:00 ote unbound - LOG [SEKOIA@53288 intake_key="jOK5bMVXz5Iz7gfogQDbCcC7l7S2IrOs5"]  [596451:0] info: 127.0.0.1 intake.sekoia.io. A IN

Reviewer: is it ok to have the intake key here ?
